Title:
<Proxensus: Anti-Spoofing Through Location Crowdsourcing>

Abstract:
<Our capstone project deals with the topic of detecting user location spoofing, or the faking of one’s current location. When using different applications, users may opt to spoof their locations for a variety of privacy and security reasons, such as to protect their user data and from being tracked. Location spoofing can also be used maliciously or for dishonest purposes. Location spoofers may intend to gain unauthorized access to content that is normally restricted based on location, conduct fraud or cyberattacks, and even gain advantages in video games that offer rewards to players based on location.
Proxensus is an application that uses proximity detection to tag location spoofers through a crowdsourcing voting method. Location spoofers who come within contact of honest users get put on a ‘blacklist’ that servers handle. Proxensus adapts the framework of Decentralized Privacy-Preserving Proximity Tracing (DP-3T), a proximity tracing system that determines whether an individual has been exposed to COVID-19 without revealing location data or user data. The creators of DP-3T designed the system with the belief that slowing the spread of SARS-CoV-2 doesn’t just come down to wearing masks and isolating when positive. Rather, they recognized that understanding the general interactions between people and then notifying them if they have been exposed to people with COVID-19 was integral in order to “break [the] transmission chain”1.  Our application uses Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology for proximity detection. A key value of Proxensus lies in its reliability in maintaining data privacy. Our modified tracing system will ensure that the data sent to the central server will be minimal (only location data and no other sensitive user data) and the authenticity of location information will be guaranteed2 (no fake/misrepresented data). Our vision for Proxensus is to be able to extend the algorithm to applications that rely on the integrity of user location data to improve their functionality.>
